>> Kyle Simpson: Wrapping things up for
this course.
In summary, I can simply say, if for
whatever crazy reason you've decided to
make [LAUGH] your career centered
around JavaScript at this moment,
doesn't it make sense to
know your JavaScript?
Doesn't it make sense to be more curious,
to ask more questions about it,
to want to know why the code works,
so that you have any chance of
trying to fix it when it breaks?
Doesn't it make more sense
to take it seriously, and
read the spec every once in a while and
understand, and have a mental model, and
most importantly through the understanding
of that tool communicate your ideas and
your intent more effectively.
Thanks very much for
listening to my thoughts on JavaScript.
I hope that as you go forward,
you will continue that curiosity and
that inquisitiveness,
those asking questions.
Remember that I have lots of
materials out there to add to and
support this particular study.
The You Don't Know JS book series
is really a great resource.
All six books can be read up on GitHub.
Specifically, the three books from this
course would be the Scope and Closures
book, the This and Object Prototypes book,
and the Types and Grammar book.
So use those as your dig deeper
into these topics study guides
from beyond the course.
Thanks very much.
I appreciate you listening
to these thoughts.
>> Audience: [APPLAUSE]